# MIT OpenCourseWare
## Open Metadata Exchange (OME) plugin

An OME plugin defines how to import and publish metadata from an Open Education Resources system.

`plugin.py` provides the class that enables OME to understand MIT OpenCourseWare metadata.

This plugin defines one or more:

* `mimetypes` so that MIT OpenCourseWare json data can be stored as enclosures in InterNetNews (INN) articles.
* `newsgroups` so MIT OpenCourseWare metadata can be published to and subscribed from those INN newsgroups.

The plugin is composed of at least three code files.

* `plugin.py`: Defines `mimetypes`, `newsgroups`, and a `make_metadata_card()` function that translates MIT OpenCourseWare data into an OME EducationalResource.
* `mit_opencourseware_models.py`: Generated by Pydantic tools to make it fast and reliable to import MIT OpenCourseWare metadata.
* `bulk_import.py`: Utilities to convert data directly from the MIT OpenCourseWare API into OME EducationalResources.

> [!NOTE]
>
> Please ***do NOT edit*** this line and below because when the docs are rebuilt, these lines will be overwritten by scripts/sync_plugin_docs.py.

**MIMETYPES:**
1. application/vnd.mit.opencourseware.course+json

**NEWSGROUPS:**

{'ome.mit_opencourseware': 'Metadata from MIT OpenCourseWare courses https://ocw.mit.edu'}
```text
server/plugins/mit_opencourseware
├── __init__.py
├── bulk_import.py
├── mit_opencourseware_item.json
├── mit_opencourseware_models.py
├── plugin.py
└── README.md

1 directory, 6 files
```
