# ERIC
## Open Metadata Exchange (OME) plugin

An OME plugin defines how to import and publish metadata from an Open Education Resources system.

`plugin.py` provides the class that enables OME to understand ERIC metadata.

This plugin defines one or more:

* `mimetypes` so that ERIC json data can be stored as enclosures in InterNetNews (INN) articles.
* `newsgroups` so ERIC metadata can be published to and subscribed from those INN newsgroups.

The plugin is composed of at least three code files.

* `plugin.py`: Defines `mimetypes`, `newsgroups`, and a `make_metadata_card()` function that translates ERIC data into an OME EducationalResource.
* `eric_models.py`: Generated by Pydantic tools to make it fast and reliable to import ERIC metadata.
* `bulk_import.py`: Utilities to convert data directly from the ERIC API into OME EducationalResources.
* `fetch_eric_open_records.py`: Downloads ERIC open records from the ERIC API.
* `load_eric_open_records_to_nntp.py`: Loads ERIC records into the default NNTP server.

> [!NOTE]
>
> Please ***do NOT edit*** this line and below because when the docs are rebuilt, these lines will be overwritten by scripts/sync_plugin_docs.py.

**MIMETYPES:**
1. application/vnd.eric.eric+json

**NEWSGROUPS:**

{'ome.eric': "Metadata from US DoE's Education Resources Information Center (ERIC) https://eric.ed.gov"}
```text
server/plugins/eric
├── __init__.py
├── bulk_import.py
├── convert_eric_csv_to_json.py
├── eric_article.eml
├── eric_bulk.json
├── eric_item.json
├── eric_models.py
├── eric_ome_item.json
├── eric_ome_metadata.json
├── ERIC_open_records.csv
├── ERIC_open_records.json
├── eric.json
├── fetch_eric_open_records.py
├── fetched_ERIC_open_records.json
├── load_eric_open_records_to_nntp.py
├── old_eric_models.py
├── plugin.py
└── README.md

1 directory, 18 files
```
