# Open Library
## Open Metadata Exchange (OME) plugin

An OME plugin defines how to import and publish metadata from an Open Education Resources system.

`plugin.py` provides the class that enables OME to understand Open Library metadata.

This plugin defines one or more:

* `mimetypes` so that Open Library json data can be stored as enclosures in InterNetNews (INN) articles.
* `newsgroups` so Open Library metadata can be published to and subscribed from those INN newsgroups.

The plugin is composed of at least three code files.

* `plugin.py`: Defines `mimetypes`, `newsgroups`, and a `make_metadata_card()` function that translates Open Library data into an OME EducationalResource.
* `openlibrary_work_models.py`: Generated by Pydantic tools to make it fast and reliable to import Open Library work metadata.
* `openlibrary_authors_models.py`: Generated by Pydantic tools to make it fast and reliable to import Open Library author metadata.
* `bulk_import.py`: Utilities to convert data directly from the Open Library API into OME EducationalResources.

Open Library is an example of dealing with linked metadata where one API call accesses a Work
(e.g. a book) and a second API call is required to access linked metadata about that Work's Authors.

{py:mod}`OpenLibrary module <openlibrary>`

> [!NOTE]
>
> Please ***do NOT edit*** this line and below because when the docs are rebuilt, these lines will be overwritten by scripts/sync_plugin_docs.py.

**MIMETYPES:**
1. application/vnd.openlibrary.authors+json
2. application/vnd.openlibrary.work+json

**NEWSGROUPS:**

{'ome.openlibrary': "Metadata from the Internet Archive's Open Library https://openlibrary.org"}
```text
server/plugins/openlibrary
├── __init__.py
├── bulk_import.py
├── openlibrary_article.eml
├── openlibrary_authors_models.py
├── openlibrary_authors.json
├── openlibrary_item.json
├── openlibrary_ome_item.json
├── openlibrary_work_models.py
├── openlibrary_work.json
├── plugin.py
└── README.md

1 directory, 11 files
```
