# Open Education Network
## Open Metadata Exchange (OME) plugin

An OME plugin defines how to import and publish metadata from an Open Education Resources system.

`plugin.py` provides the class that enables OME to understand Open Education Network metadata.

This plugin defines one or more:

* `mimetypes` so that Open Education Network json data can be stored as enclosures in InterNetNews (INN) articles.
* `newsgroups` so Open Education Network metadata can be published to and subscribed from those INN newsgroups.

The plugin is composed of at least three code files.

* `plugin.py`: Defines `mimetypes`, `newsgroups`, and a `make_metadata_card()` function that translates Open Education Network data into an OME EducationalResource.
* `open_education_network_models.py`: Generated by Pydantic tools to make it fast and reliable to import Open Education Network metadata.
* `bulk_import.py`: Utilities to convert data directly from the Open Education Network API into OME EducationalResources.

> [!NOTE]
>
> Please ***do NOT edit*** this line and below because when the docs are rebuilt, these lines will be overwritten by scripts/sync_plugin_docs.py.

**MIMETYPES:**
1. application/vnd.open-education-network.textbook+json

**NEWSGROUPS:**

{'ome.open_education_network': 'Metadata from Open Education Network open textbooks https://open.umn.edu/opentextbooks'}
```text
server/plugins/open_education_network
├── __init__.py
├── bulk_import.py
├── open_education_network_article.eml
├── open_education_network_item.json
├── open_education_network_models.py
├── open_education_network_ome_item.json
├── open_education_network_python_books.json
├── plugin.py
└── README.md

1 directory, 9 files
```
